vinyl: fix cache read view (#11148)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-11079-vy-cache-read-view-fix.md

## bugfix/vinyl

* Fixed a bug in the tuple cache when a transaction operating in a read view

>   could skip a tuple deleted after the read view was created (gh-11079).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  could skip a tuple deleted after the read view creation (gh-11079).
```
